The popularization of Internet makes people's entertainment and communication quite convenient and efficient. Computers and mobile devices become one of the most important tools. With the growing of user amount of both PC and mobile client, the amount of users and clicks of popular websites are rising quickly. As the top famous video website, YouTube has large amount of videos and billions of active video makers as well as viewers. Duing to the fact that every user of YouTube can comment easily, and YouTube also adopted a monetization system to reward video producers, the ratio of spam comments has rised quickly,  which disturbing both the video uploaders and ordinary viewers, and bothering user's ordinary comment and communication need.
 Traditional spam detection algorithms based on bag of words(BoW) usually make use of words and vocabulary, and had the feature of high dimensionality and complex models, and with the upgrading of spam-sending trick, their deficiency becomes more and more obvious. With consideration of these this paper presents a semantic-based spam comment detection method considering the natural language understanding and previous work. This method firstly do the semantic tagging, and then attracts the features of the semantic informations. Then with a little of manualy extracted features of words, we conduct the experiment. The outcomes of the experiments show that this method can reduce the number of dimensionality and also reached a reasonble accuracy, so it has certain feasibility.
Duing to the fact that in the real world, labeled data is precious and hard to obtain, chapter 5 used the method of cooperative training algorithm which could make full use of labeled text as well as unlabeled text, and the consequent experiment shows that the accuracy is improved by the added data during the training process.
More specifically, this paper's work contains the following contents:
(1) Introducing the research status of the text detection, including the trend of Internet communication and the harmfulness of spam comments.
(2) Summerizing popular spam detection methods, including feature selecting methods as well as classification methods.
(3) Present the spam detection methods based on semantic information, and propose the semantic feature extracting method. Then a classification model is built on these data and experiment shows good results.
(4) Based on both semantic view and BoW view, we adopted cooperative training methods, which could
solve the problems of  only a little amount of labeled data and a large amount of unlabeled data.